Revelation 13:1 And I stoode vpon the sand of the sea: and saw a beast rise vp out of the sea, hauing seuen heads, and tenne hornes, and vpon his hornes tenne crownes, and vpon his heads, the name of blasphemie.

2 And the beast which I saw, was like vnto a Leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a Beare, and his mouth as the mouth of a Lion: and the dragon gaue him his power, and his seat, and great authoritie.

3 And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death, and his deadly wound was healed: and al the world wondered after the beast.

4 And they worshipped the dragon which gaue power vnto the beast, and they worshipped the beast, saying, Who is like vnto the beast? Who is able to make warre with him?

5 And there was giuen vnto him a mouth, speaking great things, and blasphemies, and power was giuen vnto him to continue fortie and two moneths.

6 And he opened his mouth in blasphemie against God, to blaspheme his Name, and his Tabernacle, and them that dwelt in heauen.

7 And it was giuen vnto him to make warre with the Saints, and to ouercome them: And power was giuen him ouer all kinreds, and tongues, and nations.

8 And all that dwel vpon the earth, shall worship him, whose names are not written in the booke of life of the Lambe, slaine from the foundation of the world.

9 If any man haue an eare, let him heare:

10 Hee that leadeth into captiuitie, shall goe into captiuitie: Hee that killeth with the sword, must be killed with the sword. Here is the patience and the faith of the Saints.

11 And I beheld another beast comming vp out of the earth, and hee had two hornes like a lambe, and hee spake as a dragon.

12 And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein, to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.

13 And hee doeth great wonders, so that hee maketh fire come downe from heauen on the earth in the sight of men,

14 And deceiueth them that dwel on the earth, by the meanes of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast, saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an Image to the beast which had the wound by a sword, and did liue.

15 And he had power to giue life vnto the Image of the beast, that the Image of the beast should both speake, and cause that as many as would not worship the Image of the beast, should be killed.

16 And he causeth all, both smal and great rich and poore, free and bond, to receiue a marke in their right hand, or in their foreheads:

17 And that no man might buy or sell, saue he that had the marke, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.

18 Here is wisedome. Let him that hath vnderstanding, count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man, and his number is, sixe hundred threescore and sixe.
