Revelation 16:1 And I heard a great voyce out of the Temple, saying to the seuen Angels, Goe your wayes, and powre out the vials of the wrath of God vpon the earth.

2 And the first went, and powred out his viall vpon the earth, and there fell a noysome and grieuous sore vpon the men which had the marke of the beast, and vpon them which worshipped his image.

3 And the second Angel powred out his viall vpon the sea, and it became as the blood of a dead man: and euery liuing soule died in the sea.

4 And the third Angel powred out his viall vpon the riuers and fountaines of waters, & they became blood.

5 And I heard the Angel of the waters say, Thou art righteous, O Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast iudged thus:

6 For they haue shedde the blood of Saints and Prophets, and thou hast giuen them blood to drinke: for they are worthy.

7 And I heard another out of the altar say, Euen so, Lord God Almightie, true and righteous are thy iudgements.

8 And the fourth Angel powred out his viall vpon the Sunne, and power was giuen vnto him to scorch men with fire.

9 And men were scorched with great heat, and blasphemed the Name of God, which hath power ouer these plagues: and they repented not, to giue him glory.

10 And the fift Angel powred out his viall vpon the seat of the beast, and his kingdome was full of darkenesse, and they gnawed their tongues for paine,

11 And blasphemed the God of heauen, because of their paines, and their sores, and repented not of their deeds.

12 And the sixt Angel powred out his viall vpon the great riuer Euphrates, and the water thereof was dried vp, that the way of the Kings of the East might be prepared.

13 And I saw three vncleane spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, & out of the mouth of the beast, & out of the mouth of the false prophet.

14 For they are the spirits of deuils working miracles, which goe forth vnto the Kings of the earth, and of the whole world, to gather them to the battell of that great day of God Almighty.

15 Behold, I come as a thiefe. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, least hee walke naked, and they see his shame.

16 And hee gathered them together into a place, called in the Hebrewe tongue, Armageddon.

17 And the seuenth Angel powred out his viall into the ayre, and there came a great voyce out of the Temple of heauen, from the throne, saying, It is done.

18 And there were voices and thunders, and lightnings: and there was a great earthquake, such as was not since men were vpon the earth, so mighty an earthquake, and so great.

19 And the great Citie was diuided into three parts, and the Cities of the nations fell: and great Babylon came in remembrance before God, to giue vnto her the cup of the wine of the fiercenesse of his wrath.

20 And euery yland fled away, and the mountaines were not found.

21 And there fell vpon men a great haile out of heauen, euery stone about the weight of a talent, and men blasphemed God, because of the plague of the hayle: for the plague thereof was exceeding great.
