Revelation 7:1 And after these things, I saw foure Angels standing on the foure corners of the Earth, holding the foure windes of the earth, that the winde should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree.

2 And I saw another Angel ascending from the East, hauing the seale of the liuing God: and he cried with a loud voice to the foure Angels to whom it was giuen to hurt the earth and the Sea,

3 Saying, Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till wee haue sealed the seruants of our God in their foreheads.

4 And I heard the number of them which were sealed: and there were sealed an hundreth and fourty and foure thousand, of all the tribes of the children of Israel.

5 Of the tribe of Iuda were sealed twelue thousand. Of the tribe of Ruben were sealed twelue thousand. Of the tribe of Gad were sealed twelue thousand.

6 Of the tribe of Aser were sealed twelue thousand. Of the tribe of Nepthali were sealed twelue thousand. Of the tribe of Manasses were sealed twelue thousand.

7 Of the tribe of Simeon were sealed twelue thousand. Of the tribe of Leui were sealed twelue thousand. Of the tribe of Isachar were sealed twelue thousand.

8 Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelue thousand. Of the tribe of Ioseph were sealed twelue thousand. Of the tribe of Beniamin were sealed twelue thousand.

9 After this I beheld, and lo, a great multitude, which no man could nuber, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, & tongues, stood before the throne, & before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palmes in their hands:

10 And cryed with a loude voice, saying, Saluation to our God, which sitteth vpon the Throne, and vnto the Lambe.

11 And all the Angels stood round about the Throne, and about the Elders, and the foure beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces, and worshipped God,

12 Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glorie, and wisedome, and thankesgiuing, and honour, & power, and might be vnto our God for euer & euer, Amen.

13 And one of the Elders answered, saying vnto mee, What are these which are arayed in white robes? and whence came they?

14 And I said vnto him, Sir, thou knowest. And he said to me, These are they which came out of great tribulation, and haue washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lambe.

15 Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serue him day and night in his Temple: and hee that sitteth on the Throne shal dwell among them.

16 They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more, neither shall the Sunne light on them, nor any heate.

17 For the Lambe, which is in the middest of the throne, shall feede them, and shall leade them vnto liuing fountaines of waters: and God shal wipe away all teares from their eyes.
